Add timeframe fix to the CHANGELOG.md (#22208)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Batch changeset specs that are not attached to changesets will no longer prematurely expire before the batch specs that they are associated with. [#21678](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/21678)
- The Y-axis of Code Insights line charts no longer start at a negative value. [#22018](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/22018)
- Correctly handle field aliases in the query (like `r:` versus `repo:`) when used with `contains` predicates. [#22105](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/22105)

> - Running a code insight over a timeframe when the repo didn't yet exist doesn't break the entire insight. [#21288](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/21288)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running a code insight over a timeframe when the repository didn't yet exist doesn't break the entire insight anymore. [#21288](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/21288)
```
